docs/DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# Deployment Guide

## Quick Deploy with Docker Compose

### Prerequisites
- Docker and Docker Compose installed
- Telegram Bot Token from [@BotFather](https://t.me/BotFather)

### Steps

1. **Clone the repository**
```bash
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd grand-publicador
```

2. **Configure environment variables**

Edit `docker/docker-compose.yml` and set:
- `JWT_SECRET` - Generate a strong random secret (min 32 characters)
- `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN` - Your bot token from @BotFather
- `API_KEY` - Generate a strong random key for External/Automation API

```bash
# Generate secrets (Linux/macOS):
openssl rand -base64 32  # For JWT_SECRET
openssl rand -base64 32  # For API_KEY
```

3. **Create data directory**
```bash
mkdir -p docker/data
```

4. **Pull and run**
```bash
cd docker
docker-compose pull
docker-compose up -d
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:8080`

### Health Check
```bash
curl http://localhost:8080/api/v1/health
```

### View Logs
```bash
docker-compose logs -f
```

### Stop
```bash
docker-compose down
```

## Architecture

- **Single Container**: Backend (NestJS + Fastify) and Frontend (Nuxt SPA) in one container
- **Static Serving**: Fastify serves the Nuxt static build from `ui/.output/public`
- **Database**: SQLite stored in `/data/app.db` (mounted volume)
- **Port**: 8080 (both API and UI)

## Environment Variables

### Backend Runtime (docker-compose.yml or .env.production)
These variables are used by the backend when running:
- `NODE_ENV=production` - Environment mode
- `LISTEN_HOST=0.0.0.0` - Host to bind
- `LISTEN_PORT=8080` - Port to listen on
- `LOG_LEVEL=warn` - Logging level
- `DATABASE_URL=file:/data/app.db` - SQLite database path
- `JWT_SECRET` - Secret for JWT tokens (REQUIRED)
- `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN` - Telegram bot token (REQUIRED)
- `API_KEY` - API key for External/Automation API (REQUIRED)

### Frontend Build-time (Optional)
These variables can be set during `pnpm build` to override defaults from `nuxt.config.ts`:
- `VITE_DEV_MODE` - Default: `'false'` (production mode)
- `NUXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE` - Default: `''` (empty = same host as frontend)
- `NUXT_APP_BASE_URL` - Default: `'/'` (root path). Set to `/gran-p/` if deploying under a subpath

**Note**: In production builds (CI/CD), these variables are NOT needed because the defaults in `nuxt.config.ts` are already correct for production. They are only useful if you need to override the defaults.

**App Name**: The application name is defined in i18n locales (`ui/i18n/locales/*.json` under `common.appName`) and can be different for each language.

### Development Override (ui/.env)
For local development, create `ui/.env` to override defaults:
- `VITE_DEV_MODE=true` - Enable dev features (auto-login, etc.)
- `VITE_DEV_TELEGRAM_ID=<your-id>` - Auto-login with this Telegram ID
- `NUXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE=http://localhost:8080` - Point to separate backend



## API Endpoints

All endpoints are served from the same host:

- **Frontend**: `http://localhost:8080/`
- **API**: `http://localhost:8080/api/v1/...`
- **Health**: `http://localhost:8080/api/v1/health`

### Authentication
- `POST /api/v1/auth/telegram` - Login with Telegram initData
- `GET /api/v1/auth/me` - Get current user (requires JWT)

### External API (requires API_KEY header)
- `POST /api/external/v1/publications` - Create publication
- See [docs/api-external.md](../docs/api-external.md)

## Reverse Proxy Setup (Optional)

### Deploying at Root Path

If deploying behind nginx/traefik:

```nginx
server {
    listen 80;
    server_name your-domain.com;

    location / {
        proxy_pass http://localhost:8080;
        proxy_set_header Host $host;
        proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
    }
}
```

### Deploying Under a Subpath

If you need to deploy the application under a subpath (e.g., `/gran-p/`), you need to:

1. **Configure the reverse proxy** to strip the prefix before forwarding to the app
2. **Set build-time environment variable** `NUXT_APP_BASE_URL` when building the frontend

#### Example: Caddy Configuration

```caddy
handle /gran-p* {
    redir /gran-p /gran-p/ 308
    uri strip_prefix /gran-p
    reverse_proxy grand-publicador:8080 {
        # your proxy settings
    }
}
```

#### Example: Nginx Configuration

```nginx
location /gran-p/ {
    proxy_pass http://localhost:8080/;
    proxy_set_header Host $host;
    proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
    proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
    proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
}
```

#### Building with Subpath Support

When building the Docker image or frontend, set the environment variable:

```bash
# In your CI/CD or docker-compose.yml build args:
NUXT_APP_BASE_URL=/gran-p/
```

Or in your GitHub Actions workflow:

```yaml
- name: Build UI
  run: pnpm build
  working-directory: ./ui
  env:
    NUXT_APP_BASE_URL: /gran-p/
```

**Important**: The `NUXT_APP_BASE_URL` must be set **during build time**, not runtime.


## Backup

Backup the data directory:
```bash
tar -czf backup-$(date +%Y%m%d).tar.gz docker/data/
```

## Troubleshooting

### Container won't start
```bash
docker-compose logs
```

### Database issues
```bash
# Reset database (WARNING: deletes all data)
rm docker/data/app.db
docker-compose restart
```

### Check container health
```bash
docker ps
# Look for "healthy" status
```

Commit message:

fix: use static generation and add SPA fallback for frontend
- Changed UI build from 'nuxt build' to 'nuxt generate' for full static generation
- Added setNotFoundHandler in main.ts to serve 200.html for SPA routes
- Updated documentation with deployment instructions
- Added support for subpath deployment via NUXT_APP_BASE_URL

Fixes #frontend-404

docs/DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# Deployment Guide

## Quick Deploy with Docker Compose

### Prerequisites
- Docker and Docker Compose installed
- Telegram Bot Token from [@BotFather](https://t.me/BotFather)

### Steps

1. **Clone the repository**
```bash
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd grand-publicador
```

2. **Configure environment variables**

Edit `docker/docker-compose.yml` and set:
- `JWT_SECRET` - Generate a strong random secret (min 32 characters)
- `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN` - Your bot token from @BotFather
- `API_KEY` - Generate a strong random key for External/Automation API

```bash
# Generate secrets (Linux/macOS):
openssl rand -base64 32  # For JWT_SECRET
openssl rand -base64 32  # For API_KEY
```

3. **Create data directory**
```bash
mkdir -p docker/data
```

4. **Pull and run**
```bash
cd docker
docker-compose pull
docker-compose up -d
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:8080`

### Health Check
```bash
curl http://localhost:8080/api/v1/health
```

### View Logs
```bash
docker-compose logs -f
```

### Stop
```bash
docker-compose down
```

## Architecture

- **Single Container**: Backend (NestJS + Fastify) and Frontend (Nuxt SPA) in one container
- **Static Serving**: Fastify serves the Nuxt static build from `ui/.output/public`
- **Database**: SQLite stored in `/data/app.db` (mounted volume)
- **Port**: 8080 (both API and UI)

## Environment Variables

### Backend Runtime (docker-compose.yml or .env.production)
These variables are used by the backend when running:
- `NODE_ENV=production` - Environment mode
- `LISTEN_HOST=0.0.0.0` - Host to bind
- `LISTEN_PORT=8080` - Port to listen on
- `LOG_LEVEL=warn` - Logging level
- `DATABASE_URL=file:/data/app.db` - SQLite database path
- `JWT_SECRET` - Secret for JWT tokens (REQUIRED)
- `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN` - Telegram bot token (REQUIRED)
- `API_KEY` - API key for External/Automation API (REQUIRED)

### Frontend Build-time (Optional)
These variables can be set during `pnpm generate` (static site generation) to override defaults from `nuxt.config.ts`:
- `VITE_DEV_MODE` - Default: `'false'` (production mode)
- `NUXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE` - Default: `''` (empty = same host as frontend)
- `NUXT_APP_BASE_URL` - Default: `'/'` (root path). Set to `/gran-p/` if deploying under a subpath

**Note**: In production builds (CI/CD), these variables are NOT needed because the defaults in `nuxt.config.ts` are already correct for production. They are only useful if you need to override the defaults.

**App Name**: The application name is defined in i18n locales (`ui/i18n/locales/*.json` under `common.appName`) and can be different for each language.

### Development Override (ui/.env)
For local development, create `ui/.env` to override defaults:
- `VITE_DEV_MODE=true` - Enable dev features (auto-login, etc.)
- `VITE_DEV_TELEGRAM_ID=<your-id>` - Auto-login with this Telegram ID
- `NUXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE=http://localhost:8080` - Point to separate backend



## API Endpoints

All endpoints are served from the same host:

- **Frontend**: `http://localhost:8080/`
- **API**: `http://localhost:8080/api/v1/...`
- **Health**: `http://localhost:8080/api/v1/health`

### Authentication
- `POST /api/v1/auth/telegram` - Login with Telegram initData
- `GET /api/v1/auth/me` - Get current user (requires JWT)

### External API (requires API_KEY header)
- `POST /api/external/v1/publications` - Create publication
- See [docs/api-external.md](../docs/api-external.md)

## Reverse Proxy Setup (Optional)

### Deploying at Root Path

If deploying behind nginx/traefik:

```nginx
server {
    listen 80;
    server_name your-domain.com;

    location / {
        proxy_pass http://localhost:8080;
        proxy_set_header Host $host;
        proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
    }
}
```

### Deploying Under a Subpath

If you need to deploy the application under a subpath (e.g., `/gran-p/`), you need to:

1. **Configure the reverse proxy** to strip the prefix before forwarding to the app
2. **Set build-time environment variable** `NUXT_APP_BASE_URL` when building the frontend

#### Example: Caddy Configuration

```caddy
handle /gran-p* {
    redir /gran-p /gran-p/ 308
    uri strip_prefix /gran-p
    reverse_proxy grand-publicador:8080 {
        # your proxy settings
    }
}
```

#### Example: Nginx Configuration

```nginx
location /gran-p/ {
    proxy_pass http://localhost:8080/;
    proxy_set_header Host $host;
    proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
    proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
    proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
}
```

#### Building with Subpath Support

When building the Docker image or frontend, set the environment variable:

```bash
# In your CI/CD or docker-compose.yml build args:
NUXT_APP_BASE_URL=/gran-p/
```

Or in your GitHub Actions workflow:

```yaml
- name: Build UI
  run: pnpm generate
  working-directory: ./ui
  env:
    NUXT_APP_BASE_URL: /gran-p/
```

**Important**: The `NUXT_APP_BASE_URL` must be set **during build time**, not runtime.


## Backup

Backup the data directory:
```bash
tar -czf backup-$(date +%Y%m%d).tar.gz docker/data/
```

## Troubleshooting

### Container won't start
```bash
docker-compose logs
```

### Database issues
```bash
# Reset database (WARNING: deletes all data)
rm docker/data/app.db
docker-compose restart
```

### Check container health
```bash
docker ps
# Look for "healthy" status
```
